# Read Class 4

Creating links in HTML are really important when building a website. To create a link you need to wrap the text/content with < a > tag. The href attribute contains the links destination. You also need to make sure that the links are accessible and there are plenty of ways to make that possible. One way is to use concise and meaningful text for links. Do not capitalize all letters in links. Do not use the word 'link' as part of the link text.

Positioning and normal flow are good to learn when using CSS. Normal flow is the block and inline elements are displayed on a page before any changes are made to their layout. A block-level element content fills the available inline space of the parent element Block-level element always start on a new line, and the browsers automatically add some space before and after the element.It also always takes up the full width. While inline element does not start on a new line, and only takes up as much width necessary. Every element gets the static positioning as its default. Absolute postioning is useful and has some good advantages when in use. It allows you to control precisely control the position of the elements. It also allows elements to be postioned independently of parent elements whcih makeds it easier to create complex layoputs and avoiud conflicts with elements on the page.

Functions are important in Java because it allows you to give code a task to do. Function Declarartion declares the creation of variables and functions. Function invocation is used to execute the function code. Parameters is avariable used to define a particular value during a function definition. A arguement is a value passed to a function when the function is called. Pair programming has many benefits that will help me on coding. Enaging collaboration will definitely help me to improve my skills. This would also help catch the mistakes I make an learn from it. Another way it will help is to improve my social skills. It will help when communicating information to others when working on a project.

## Thing I want to know more about