# Read Class 5

Having images is great for engaement for those that visit your website. The 'alt' attribute can help people get information if they use screen readers. If you want to improve accessibilty of images you can actually use the 'alt' tag.  Another element that is very useful is the 'figure' element. You can use the element to mark up a photo and you can define a caption to that photo with the 'figcaption' element along with it. We have two different images gif svg. SVG stands for scalabe vector graphics. It formats specifies images as drawing commands that can create shapes,lines,colors, and etc. It is really great for digrams, icons, and can used to draw images at any size. GIF which stands for graphics interchange format. It basically a image file that can be animated. Gif is a great tool for simple images and animations. The image type I would use for a website would be PNG. The reason why is png is great for logos which will help when building my website for my business.

So in CSS you have Foreground and background-color properties. They both can be applied to HTML element tags. Foreground defines the content color of a element. background-color defines the elements background color. If friend wanted me give his page some color Id add some background color. There is three ways to edit your HTML font by using font-size, font-weight, and font-style. The font-size property sets the size of the font and can be measured by em, and ex. The font-weight sets the boldness of the font. The font- style sets whether the font should be normal, italic, or oblique. If you wanted to add spacing you can use letter-spacing and word-spacing properties. Letter spacing is for actual letter while word is for actual words.